Republican strategy to counter Obama's re-election
Republican leaders justified their policy by the need to fight electoral fraud.
The Brennan Centre considers the latter a myth, claiming that electoral fraud is more rare in the United States than the number of people killed by lightning.
In fact, Republican lawyers have only recorded 300 cases of electoral fraud in the United States in ten years.
One thing is certain: these new provisions will negatively influence the participation rate.
In this sense, these measures will partly undermine the American democratic system.
Unlike Canada, the US states are responsible for the organization of federal elections in the United States.
It was in this spirit that a majority of American governments enacted new laws from 2009 making the registration or voting process more difficult.
This phenomenon has grown in importance after the November 2010 elections, which saw 675 new Republican representatives in 26 states.
As a result, 180 draft laws restricting the exercise of the right to vote in 41 states were introduced in 2011 alone.
The new electoral laws require electors to present a photo ID and proof of American citizenship.
Moreover, these laws also reduce advance voting periods, invalidate the right to register as an elector on polling day and remove citizens with a judicial record from voting rights.
Prior to the 2006 election, no US state required voters to present a photo ID card.
Indiana was the first state to impose such a requirement.
The Supreme Court of the United States confirmed the constitutionality of Indiana law in 2008.
The Republican authorities rushed to extend this practice to other states.
Over the past two years, they had sponsored bills in 34 states to force voters to present a photo ID card.
It is important to note that, unlike Quebec, U.S. citizens do not have universal identity cards such as the health insurance card.
In fact, 11% of American citizens, or 21 million people of voting age, do not have photo ID cards issued by a government agency in their state.
In addition, five million new voters in 2012 do not have such a piece of identification.
However, it often costs more than a hundred dollars to obtain the required ID card.
The new restrictions disproportionately affect young people, minorities, and low-income people.
25% of African Americans, 15% of people earning less than $35,000; 18% of citizens over 65 and 20% of voters aged 18-29 do not have the required photo ID.
More.
Students, who are considered to be voting more for democratic candidates, are not allowed to use their photo ID card issued by their institution in several states.
However, the same states allow members of fishing or hunting clubs who vote more on the Republican side to use the cards issued by these clubs to vote.
Prior to 2004, no State required proof of citizenship to vote.
Arizona was the first to make such a requirement.
Since 2011, a dozen states have passed laws requiring voters to prove that they are American citizens.
These measures are clearly aimed at limiting Hispanic voting.
However, it appears that two out of three Hispanic voters favour the Democratic Party.
In addition, Republican legislators sponsored laws in 2011 abolishing voter registration on polling day in eight states.
In addition, they have limited the right of individuals and groups to provide assistance to voters wishing to register.
These restrictions are not without consequences.
For example, during the 2004 general election, voter registration campaigns helped to register about 10 million citizens.
However, the measures adopted since 2009 have reduced the registration rate of new voters by 17% in 2010 compared to 2006.
In addition, Republican legislators have passed laws in five other states to reduce the advance voting period.
For example, in the 2008 Florida general election, 33% of the voters who voted in advance were African Americans, while the latter represented only 13% of the state's voters.
The same was true of Hispanics.
They represented only 11% of voters, but 24% of citizens who voted in advance.
In return, whites who made up 76% of the electorate represented only 46% of the electors voting in advance.
Of course, the democratic legislators and their supporters have strongly opposed the adoption of laws restricting voter registration.
Several bills have been blocked by the vetoes of the Democratic Governors.
The US Attorney General intervened to suspend the most controversial laws.
They were able to partially limit the damage.
For example, only 16 out of 34 states have passed laws requiring the presentation of a photo ID card.
Nevertheless, the new rules will undoubtedly make it more difficult to exercise the right to vote in 2012.
Democratic critics denounce the partisan nature of the laws that have been passed and see it as a clear goal to influence the results in 2012 in key states.
A 2011 report by the Brennan Centre shows that the states that passed these laws represent 171 of the 270 votes required by the electoral college to win the presidency.
It is too early to state with certainty that these legislative changes in the electoral system will have a significant impact on the outcome of the 2012 presidential elections.
But one thing is certain: these new provisions will negatively influence the participation rate.
In this sense, these measures will partly undermine the American democratic system.
Screening for prostate cancer: whether to pass the test or not?
In fact, the ABS test would sometimes have erroneous results, with false negative results or false positives, which result in unnecessary medical interventions.
This makes men who are already reluctant to take screening tests even more reluctant.
Do or don't you want to take the test?
We have asked for the advice of two specialists.
In the U.S. studies, there was a lot of contamination between control groups, so it is difficult to interpret these data and to have firm recommendations.
Another study, the European one, found that there was a difference in mortality between patients who had been screened and those who had not.
This study also demonstrated, with follow-up after 12 years, that between 30 and 40% more likely to have metastases if not detected.
So I recommend testing from 50 years of age, or from 40 years of age if you have a direct parent who has already had prostate cancer.
Men of African-American origin are also at greater risk.
The key is to make the right decision once we've detected cancer.
There are aggressive cancers and others that are indolent.
It is important to make the patient understand the degree of risk of cancer, by offering them the options, by not necessarily treating prostate cancers that do not affect long-term life, and instead by opting for active surveillance of the disease in these cases.
Today, many men with cancer detection will not be treated because their cancer is not aggressive and does not threaten their lives.
We'll suggest they do active surveillance and if the disease progresses, we'll offer them treatment.
Increasingly, criteria are being determined for deciding who should or should not be treated.
I recommend that you pass the test.
But the important thing is having a discussion with his doctor to determine whether we should have it or not.
In collaboration with the International Urology Society, Movember has created a tool that allows to evaluate the pros and cons of the ABS test.
This document can be downloaded (in English for the time being, a translation will be available shortly) at: http://ca.movember.com/en/mens-health/prostate-cancer-screening
Preventing disease
Unfortunately, there is no miracle recipe for cancer prevention.
Despite advances in research, the adoption of good lifestyles remains the best way to reduce the risk of harm.
It is estimated that if everyone ate well and moved enough, 30% of cancers could be prevented.
"If no one else smoke, this rate would rise to at least 50%," said André Beaulieu, spokesperson for the Canadian Cancer Society.
However, it is estimated that about 10% of cancers are caused by heredity.
Many of them also remain totally unexplained.
For the Canadian Cancer Society, tobacco control remains a priority, despite the decline in the number of smokers.
Cigarettes are related to 85% of lung cancer cases.
It is also a risk factor for several others.
This is a major health problem for people.
"Today, there are 1.5 million smokers in Quebec," laments spokesperson André Beaulieu.
Encouraging data: 10 years after quitting smoking, the risk of dying from cancer falls by half.
Weight
Overweight and obesity also contribute to the onset of the disease, according to CSC.
They would increase the risk of breast, colon and rectum, esophagus, pancreas and uterus cancer.
"Research shows that regular activity throughout a lifetime protects against colon cancer," says Dr.
Food
The body also recommends that its consumption of red meat be limited.
Too much, it increases the risk of colorectal cancer.
Charcuteries too, and they should be avoided.
The preservation of meat by smoking, drying or salting can result in the formation of carcinogenic substances.
"These can damage the body's cells and lead to cancer development," we explain.
Vitamins
In recent years, several scientists have studied the links between vitamin supplements and cancer.
Their research is not conclusive at this time.
Studies on vitamin E are contradictory, according to CSC.
While one of them found a decrease in prostate cancer risk, another noted an increase.